### Images

## Image show
On this page the current image is shown in its original size as the user uploaded it. The image is centered horizontally and vertically so that the image's center lies on top of the page's center. Like on the other pages, the image here can also get dragged around which is handy for images that are bigger than the browser screen so that users can see the rest of each image too by dragging it to the middle. The current position of an image is not saved to the server because the main focus on this page should not lay on a specific arrangement but on the image itself.
By pressing the right- or left key, the user can navigate through the rest of the images of the current page to quickly get an overview over all images in this page.

## Image edit
Like in the page edit form the image edit form first shows the image to make it clear to the user which one of the images he is currently editing. There are basic input fields to change the title (which will also change the URL), the description and there are fields to add Copyright and source information to the image that are important if the user adds an image that has been taken from another website.
Tags can simply get added to the image by writing a tag in the tag field and pressing the return-, the space- or the comma-key. To delete a tag the user simply needs to press the "X"-symbol next to each tag.
A special feature of images is that they can link to three different locations and the user is able to choose a different link for each image. The three radio buttons under the label "Links to" specify which location an image points to. "Detail" means that the image links to the detail page of an image where the image is shown in original size which is the default link mode of an image (see image#show for more info on that).
"Page" means that the image points to another page of the current user. A drop-down menu is shown where the user can choose the page. This allows the user to create connections between Pages and gives users another way to experiment with the website and to express their ideas. Users could create linked-lists of pages that are in some way connected to each other or they could link pages to show a development of a task where each page shows one state. 
"URL" means that the image points to a HTTP URL which could be an external URL like an entry in the Wikipedia or it could be another url from within the Salon website. A scenario could be that users form a group and therefore they create another user. This user then has a page called "Team" where there's an image for each user that links to the user's overview.
Like in the Page edit form, all changes that are made in this form need to get confirmed ("Save"-button) and can get discarded ("Cancel"-button).