### MENU
The menu is consistently placed in the top right corner of the page and is by default not expanded so that it doesn't unnecessarily take away screen space. To expand the menu the user simply needs to hover over it with his mouse or, if he is navigation with a touch enabled device, tap it. There are two states the menu could be in: a) The User is logged in, b) The user is not logged in.
When the user is not logged in the menu will have the caption "Sign in/up" which stands for the two most important options that are displayed in the expanded menu. The first point in the menu (see Fig. XX) will lead the user to the sign-in form and the second point to the sign-up form. The third point will lead to the about page, which explains the concept of Salon, and the fourth point will lead the user to the index page. The latter points will remain at the least position in both menu states.
The caption for the menu when a user is logged is his username and there are some more and also different entries in the menu. The first entry now leads the user to its own overview page to let him quickly jump there from any other page. The second entry will lead the user to his page index (more on that here x.x) and the third one will lead him to his account page where he can edit certain aspects of his account. [currently i don't mention the image index because its not ready] The fourth entry is highlighted and is an interactive entry because when this entry gets clicked it will reveal a simple form that lets the user create a new page right from the menu [show screenshot with the states of the form]. After submitting the form the user will get forwarded to this newly created page. By placing the form inside the menu there is no need to create an own page just for adding a new page and the user is able to create pages no matter on what page he is currently on. He only needs to be logged in.