### NAVIGATION
The navigation in Salon is designed after the breadcrumb-style. When first visiting the website, the user only sees a caption saying "Salon" which should tell him that he is currently in the most top level of the website and the search bar (more on the search bar in chapter [x.y]). Then when the user goes to the overview of a user, the caption "Salon" vanishes and is replaced by the name of the user that this page belongs to. Removing the "Salon"-caption should emphasize that Salon is about the users and about the work they want to present and that it is not about the platform itself. Normally the first element in a breadcrumb navigation brings the user back to the index page but this is not a scenario that applies to Salon because the index page, intentionally, doesn't offer more features than any other page in Salon but the list of recently created and edited pages. Searching the platform is possible from any page through the search field that also resides in the navigation (more on search in [x.y]). If a user wants to go back to the index page he can do this via the menu in the top right corner (more on the Menu in [x.y]) at any time.
Another element is added to the navigation when the user navigates to a page of a user: The name of the current page, and another one is added when the user navigates to a specific image of a page: The position of the current image and the total number of images in this page. The breadcrumb navigation helps the user to keep track of certain information like the owner of the current page and the page an image belongs to. On that way these relations don't need to be displayed on every image or every page which leads to a cleaner and lighter interface. Also the navigation helps a user to quickly jump back to a user's overview without having to manually navigate there with the browser back button.