### Users

[Explain what users are, what they can do]

## User overview
In the user overview all (published and not hidden) pages, their cover images, of a user are displayed on a canvas. The user is able to arrange all these pages just by dragging them around (more on DnD here [x.x]). The positions will be saved so that this page will look the same for all visitors and just as the user wants it to look like. Visitors themselves can also drag the images and create a new layout but the position will get saved to the server since the owner should have the right on how his pages look like.
When dragging an image the image will get populated to the top of all other images so that users easily can create nice effects with occluding images. All theses changes will all automatically get saved to the server without the need for the user to initiate the save-process.
To highlight the importance of the images and especially their arrangement there are no further information displayed on top of the images to allow the creation of creative combinations of images without possibly disturbing text elements in between.
Further information for a page is displayed on top of the images when a user hovers on of the images. The name of the page and the number of images will then fade and the hovered image gets a half-lucent overlay to highlight which image currently is being hovered which may in some cases, when a lot of images are placed in the same place, not be so easy to find out when only the extra information fades in. Clicking one of the images or the captions will lead the user to the overview of the page.
When the current user is logged in there will also be additional controls over each hovered image. First there is the control to set the size of the image where the user can choose between four different sizes. Then there is a link to the edit page of the current page that allows a user to quickly edit the page and there is also a link to delete the current page. All delete operations in Salon trigger a prompt before actually deleting the image to prevent accidental deletion of an element.
Furthermore the user is not only able to drag each image around but also the whole page which allows to choose a special "starting" point on the canvas that the visitor sees when he first comes to the page. To drag the whole page the user simply needs to drag the background and all other images will be moved accordingly.