### Users

## User overview
In the user overview all, published and not hidden, pages of a user are displayed on a canvas. Since pages can have a cover image, on this page only the cover images are shown. If a page does not have a cover image, a default picture will get displayed instead. The user is able to arrange all images just by dragging them around (more on DnD here [x.x]). The positions are being saved to the server so that this page will look the same for all visitors and just as the user wants it to look like. Visitors themselves can also drag the images around and create a new layout but the position will not get saved to the server since only the owner has the right to decide how his pages look like.
When dragging an image the image will get populated to the top of all other images so that users can easily create nice effects with occluding images. All theses changes automatically get saved to the server without the need for the user to initiate the save-process.
To highlight the importance of the images and especially their arrangement there are no further information displayed on top of each image. This is also done so that text elements don't clutter or disturb arrangements that contain a lot of images.
Further information for a page is displayed on top of the images when a user hovers (or taps) over one of the images. The name of the page and the number of assets that are contained in this page will then fade in and the image gets a half-lucent overlay to highlight which image currently is being hovered. There is the need for the half-lucent overlay because when many pages are placed in the same page it is hard to find out which of the images just has been hovered. Clicking one of the images or its captions will navigate the user to the overview of the page.
When the current user is logged in there will also be additional controls displayed on top of each hovered image. First there is the control to set the size of the image that lets the user choose between four different size options. Then there is a link to the edit page of the current page that allows a user to quickly edit the page and there is a link to delete the current page. All delete operations in Salon trigger a prompt before actually deleting an element to prevent accidental deletions.
Furthermore the user is not only able to drag each image around but also the whole page which allows to choose a special "starting" point of the canvas that the visitor sees when he first comes to the page. To drag the whole page the user simply needs to drag the background and all other images will get moved accordingly.
