### NOTIFICATIONS
Many backend frameworks give developers a simple way to display so called flash messages, which are short messages that are displayed once a request has been finished and the page has been rendered, like "Successfully deleted this item".
The purpose of these messages is to give the user a feedback to remind him what he just did on the previous page and whether this action has been applied successfully or whether an error occurred during the processing. A typical backend framework provides these messages to the view layer where the messages normally are being rendered into a DOM element.
This technique doesn't work for SPWAs since the backend doesn't render parts of the view so there is the need for a new notification system in SPWAs. A simple system has been implemented for Salon to provide Salon with an easy to use notification system that is also easy to use in other SPWAy projects. The system adds the flash messages to the JSON response on the server-side and a client-side notification component, which listens for all incoming AJAX responses, parses the message and displays it accordingly (distinguishes between success and error messages).
Notifications and status indicators are very important for SPWAs and other AJAX-heavy websites because there is no reload of the page that tells the user that something is happening on the page. AJAX requests may take a long time so that users should also get an immediate visual feedback to show the user that the website is working on his input. And since in most cases only parts of the website change there should be notifications that tell the user exactly what just has happened because the user may not notice minimal changes in the page layout.