### RENDERING VIEWS
A common technique to render views in the backend is to use an abstraction layer called templating engine. These engines allow for writing the views in a mostly HTML-like syntax to improve readability and maintainability over string-concatenations in the backend language. Also the syntax makes it easy for designers to create and alter templates on their own rather than having a backend developer implementing all their changes.
A templating engine pre-compiles your views into functions or string-concatenations so that the backend can execute them faster and doesn’t need to interpret them at runtime.
Typical templating systems for the backend are ERB3, Haml4 and Mustache5.
In Single Page Web Apps you don’t use a templating system in the backend because you don’t want to transfer HTML to the client. Only raw data is transferred to the clients. This data mostly doesn’t need to be rendered by a templating system as most backend frameworks offer a way to very fast serialize data into a transport format like JSON or XML.
For the same reasons as mentioned above (readability, maintainability), a templating system is a must to have on the frontend side. There are several implementations of the most used templating systems in JavaScript and they all can compete in manners of speed and flexibility with their backend implementations. In case of Eco, a templating system that mimics ERB and is implemented in CoffeeScript, you can even take existing ERB templates and use them on the frontend without needing to change them[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ERuby].
