### URLS
Since browsers automatically handle normal hyperlinks with a GET-request, the URLs in SPWAs look different to normal URLs. They make use of the "#"-symbol that originally was used as an anchor to an element in a HTML page. This is needed on pages like Wikipedia where you have long text articles on one page and you want to point the user to a specific paragraph. The browser's viewport automatically jumps to the element with the given ID if there is one.
To prevent a GET-request by the browser, a client-side router listens to changes in the URL after the "#"-symbol. Changing the "#"-part of the URL works just the same as changing a normal URL. Users only need to click a link with a different "#"-URL and the URL gets updated. Changes to the "#"-part of the URL are being propagated with a "hashchange"-event(http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/history.html#event-hashchange) which unfortunately is not supported by all browsers. In browsers that don't suppport the "hashchange"-event client-side routers permanently poll the state of the URL to detect changes. When a change has been detected the router typically triggers a handler, Controller functions according to Figure XX, for the new URL-partial. So when the URL before was "mydomain.tld/#index" and it has been changed to "mydomain.tld/#about", the URL-router will trigger a handler that has registered for the "about" partial. This also makes all URLs bookmarkable since the router will render the corresponding views to each URL-partial no matter what page has been displayed before. Initial requests that don't contain a "#"-fragment normally get mapped to a "index" partial and the handler gets called after the page has been loaded although no change is registered.
In HTML5 a "pushState" method has been introduced into the History object(http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/history.html#dom-history-pushstate) that allows developers to completely take control of the browser's behavior when a normal URL changes, not just the "#"-part. This will make it possible to write SPWA URLs in the same way as normal URLs without a "#"-part in it that may confuse users. But since this method has just recently been introduced into the standard, not all users have switched to browsers that support this method and it may take a while until a big enough percentage of users have switched to compatible browsers, so that for now the "pushState" method cannot be used for SPWA URLs.