### CONCLUSION

SPWAs really can help to make a website feel better and to give users a better experience. They allow a lot of new interaction concepts and more dynamic sites than we have today. AJAX was a first step to make websites feel more fluid but SPWAs bring the whole concept to a next level by giving the ability to get a completely fluid navigation and transition system and also a consistent development environment. There now is the possibility to create websites that don't look and feel like normal websites and actually are fun to interact with.
The concept has already been taken over by big companies like Google (Google Mail Chat / Client-side routing), Facebook (Facebook Chat / Facebook Messages / Content is replaced inline, no full page reload) and others to make parts of their website more dynamic and I think that there will be more and more pages that take over the technique. 
In my opinion the rise in the interest for Node.js will also result in more companies switching to the SPWA-idiom. Not just because of its positive impact on the User Experience but also because of the ability to share code between the client and the server. And since there are (currently) no big web frameworks, like Rails, for Node.js it may be easier and faster for developers to use tools like brunch to program websites with a simple REST-based Node.js backend.
But since SPWAs use a lot of very new technologies it takes time for developers to learn and adopt all needed tools before they can start developing. Also, as mentioned in [pitfalls#new tools], these new tools don't cover the complete tool chain and several tools have to get connected manually. Especially when developers don't have experience in programming JavaScript the learning process can take a while because of the asynchronous language parts that are not common in most other backend languages.
Before deciding to develop a website as a SPWA, developers should take account of the negative points mentioned in [Ptifalls] and decide whether it's okay to not get ranked high in search engines (without extra effort) or whether it's okay to expose the business logic to the user. Only if developers don't think that these negative impacts will harm the success of the website they should decide for a SPWA.
Furthermore, if developers decide to port an already running and established website they should think twice about switching, because the page may already be well-indexed in the major search engines and all links may lead to a dead-end after the rewrite of the page. This is exactly what happened to gawker.com, a well established "media news and gossip" blog [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gawker]. The developers of gawker.com rewrote the whole blog as a SPWA in February 2011 and after they had published the new version all indexed links were broken so that the number of unique visitors dropped by 50% [http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/17/gawker-redesign/] and a lot of users wrote bad reviews about the website.
In conclusion there is no single answer whether a website should be implemented as a SPWA or as a normal website. It always depends on the website's focus. If the website has to for example meet the requirements of the WCAG [add explanations BITV, Section 508] it would be easier to realize the website as a normal website because it is hard to make SPWAs accessible as shown in [Accessibility]. But when it is important for a website to have a good User Experience and the User Experience is more important than a good ranking in several search engines, the implementation of the website as a SPWA is the right decision.