### SPWA intro
In the beginning Salon was a standard Ruby on Rails (Rails) application. All views were rendered on the server and a lot of JavaScript code was needed to make the UI as flexible as it is now. The JavaScript code was structured with the help of Backbone.js (http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/) a JavaScript library that provides frontend developers with Models, Views and Controllers and makes frontend code event-driven. Quickly that led to duplicated code that needed to get implemented in the backend language and in the frontend language. An example: In order to dynamically create images in the page overview, a JavaScript template was used that looked the same as the ruby template and needed to get maintained in both places. Also parts of the model-logic have been rewritten to enable an easier communication with the backend. More and more of the application-logic moved to the client-side and the code became disordered and it was unclear which parts of the application-logic were implemented in the frontend and which parts in the backend. 
To restructure and to cleanup the code-base Salon has then been rewritten as a Single Page Web App (SPWA). Besides the code cleanup this also had some positive affects on Salon, which are described in SPWA#Benefits.

SINGLE PAGE WEB APPS
Single Page Web Apps gained a lot of attention with JavaScript becoming more and more important in the web development tool chain. One of the main reasons for this development is AJAX[Asynchronous JavaScript and XML], a technology to asynchronously load content from the server in JavaScript. Most modern web pages use this technology to make their pages more interactive. But by using AJAX as an addition to the normal backend framework a lot of duplicated code is created and the whole website becomes inconsistent because sometimes the page is rendered in the backend and sometimes parts of the page are rendered in the frontend.
Single Page Web Apps are the consistent refinement of the AJAX approach because they shift a lot of traditional backend functions to the frontend so that the rendering is consequently done in the frontend and no duplicate code gets created. This leads to browsers becoming fat clients[explain] in contrast to the traditional thin client[explain] design in traditional websites. The backend is only used as a web service that serves data in special transport formats which makes the communication a lot more lightweight because the transport format is much more efficient than the transport of complete HTML pages.
In the following the main differences between the traditional (MVC-based) Web App system and the Single Page Web App system will be pointed out by looking in detail at the typical request flow in both system.