### REQUEST FLOW COMPARISON

## TRADITIONAL
When a new page is requested, the user's browser sends an HTTP request to the server. This request is then matched to the corresponding controller by a router. The controller then triggers the model-layer to retrieve the necessary data for the request from the underlying database. When the data has been successfully fetched, the controller triggers the view-layer to render the data into the requested view. Views may be constructed from several sub-views that are rendered into one layout file. The rendered layout is then transferred back to the browser.
The browser completely removes the old DOM and re-renders a new DOM from the layout that just has been transferred. This leads to the typical blank screen in the browser when a new page is being requested.

## SINGLE PAGE
The Single Page request-flow is initialized by a "#-change" of the current URL which gets invoked when the user clicks a link just as in the traditional approach. But in this case, since only the "#"-part of the URL gets changed, the browser does not create a new HTTP request (for more information on URLs see chapter I 2.1 “URLs”). The "#"-change triggers a client-side Router to call a certain Controller function. In this controller function the necessary Model instances are created, which then automatically make AJAX requests to the backend to fetch the data.
In the backend the Single Page request-flow is the same as the traditional request-flow but the backend system won't render a HTML view from the data. Instead of letting the server render a complete new layout and transfer it to the client, the data gets serialized into a transport format like for example JSON (The benefit of the transport format is explained in chapter XX Speed / Efficiency). When the data ha arrived in the frontend framework, the model notifies the controller that the data is available. The controller then takes care of rendering the correct view from the data. Now instead of replacing the whole DOM, the generated view replaces only a part of the page (e.g. the content panel). The whole request is executed asynchronously, which prevents the screen from turning blank when the new content is being loaded.
Another difference in the request flow is that in SPWAs the initial request (e.g. "www.mydomain.tld") delivers a complete web app, with all the application-logic in it, and not just a snapshot of it.