### Business Logic / Sensitive Data
Putting all business logic onto the client-side means that every user that kind of every user who knows how to display the source of a website can easily see how your website / your business works. Modern browsers even further have integrated tools that allow users to deeply inspect the code of a website and especially to monitor AJAX requests[add web inspector screenshot]. That users can cheat on a websites' code is not a problem that only occurs in SPWAs but you should keep in mind that almost all your business logic resides in the user's browser. So when a website deals with sensitive data (bank accounts, credit card numbers...) you need to make sure that none of the code on the front-end exposes security holes that could harm your users. Generally you should still do all privacy relevant operations on the server-side and additionally use HTTPS for the communication.
Also be sure to double check log-in states and admin rights on the server and don't let only the client-side handle it. Assume the following scenario: Your app has global User object with a boolean field called "admin". Your app displays editable elements according to the value of the admin field in the user object. A user could now simply open up the JavaScript console of his browser and change the value of the admin field to get access to all editable elements. A way to protect your website from this attack is to add a server-side generated field in the responses that adds information on rights the current user has and switch the editable elements according to the response rather than on some front-end object. You still should double-check the rights in the backend.
Another method to secure your code is to obfuscate it before you deploy it to your server. In that way your code is not as readable as before and attackers would need to put a lot more effort in understanding your code to harm your website. A nice side-effect that usually comes with code obfuscation in JavaScript is that your code also gets compressed so that you not only secure your website but also reduce load time for the user. One can choose from a variety of code-obfuscators in JavaScript: UglifyJS[http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/uglifyjs], YUI Compressor[http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/compressor/], Google Closure Compiler[http://code.google.com/intl/de/closure/compiler/](also gives advices on how to optimize your code before compressing it).
