### Speed / Efficiency
The most important benefit of SPWAs is that they'll speed up your website performance. They will even make the client-server communication more efficient. These benefits are caused by sending less data to the clients (no HTML, just transport format) and by the less amount of time that is needed by the server to render complex views.
Efficiency is very important for example when a lot of clients connect to a website via slower networks or when a website server will have to handle a lot requests per second. 
The faster a website reacts on user input or the faster it loads, the better is its user experience.
There are a lot of studies that investigated the impact of a website's speed on its user experience and they all support the thesis mentioned above. For example, in 2009, Forrester Consulting conducted a study to investigate the behavior of online shoppers (http://www.akamai.com/html/about/press/releases/2009/press_091409.html). They found out that a page should not take longer than 2 seconds to load or otherwise the user becomes unsatisfied and eventually will stop using the online shop or the user may even switch to another competitor. 52% of the interviewees mentioned in the poll that page speed is one of the most important features for a good online shop. 
When Google intentionally slowed down their search results in one of their public experiments (http://googleresearch.blogspot.com/2009/06/speed-matters.html), they observed a decline of the total number of searches by 0.2% to 0.6%.
They found out that the more delay they added to the results, the less searches would be made by a user. When considering the shortness of the delays that Google added to the searches (first 100ms, later up to 400ms), this experiment very well shows how important each millisecond delay can be for the overall user experience on a website.
The simple and efficient design of client-server communication in SPWAs makes them very fast so that the time users have to wait is reduced to a minimum.