### Transitions
Another benefit SPWAs have over normal web pages is that it is possible to have transitions / animations between page changes.
These effects are more and more often used in modern web pages to make them feel more dynamic and to make the user have more fun using the page. But a reload on a normal website will break the dynamic impression because the page will simply turn blank on page change until the new page is loaded.
A good example for this behavior is the Apple's website. When visiting the index page, only a main focused element, like for example a new iPad is shown, is shown. All other elements like the navigation fade in after a certain delay. But when going to another page, another product page, the page turns blank and the new page is being loaded. 
To make the User Experience on a website consistent, page transitions like they are implemented in the Salon overview pages could get added so that the dynamic and interactive impression does not get lost. On Salon overview pages all images fade-out and fade-in when navigating through the different pages. This makes the navigation feel a lot smoother and it also hides loading times (both from the server request and image loading time) from the user.
Users normally don't actively see the transitions and remark them as something new. But when transitions are removed from a page they see that something has changed and that the page does not feel as good as before. Showing users first the transitioning implementation of the overview pages and then an implementation without transitions has proven this. Users thought that the site needed longer to load but they could not tell that the transitions had been removed.
For sure transitions should not be used to heavily to avoid a loss of focus of the important parts of a website, mostly the content, and also users tend to get annoyed by too long animations.