### MENU
The menu is consistently placed in the top right corner of each page and is by default not expanded so that it doesn't unnecessarily take away screen space. To expand the menu the user simply needs to hover over it with the mouse or tap it on the screen (on touch-based devices).
There are two states for the menu: a) The user is logged in; b) The user is not logged in.
When the user is not logged in the menu will have the caption "Sign in/up" which stands for the two most important options that are displayed in the expanded menu. The first point in the menu (see Fig. XX) will lead the user to the sign-in form and the second point to the sign-up form. The third point will lead to the about page, that explains the concept of Salon, and the fourth point will lead the user back to the index page.
The caption for the menu when a user is logged is its username. The first entry in the expanded menu now leads the user to his own overview page, which allows the user to quickly jump there from any other page. The second entry will lead the user to the page index (more on that here x.x) and the third one will lead the user to the account page where he can edit details of his account.
The fourth entry is highlighted and it is an interactive entry because when this entry gets clicked it will reveal a simple form that lets the user create a new page right from the menu [show screenshot with the states of the form]. After submitting the form the user will get forwarded to the newly created page. By placing the form inside the menu there is no need to create an own page just for adding a new page and the user is able to create pages no matter on what page he is currently on. He only needs to be logged in.
The fifth entry triggers a log-out and a redirect back to the index where also the last entry is leading.