### NAVIGATION
The navigation in Salon is designed in a breadcrumb-like style(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breadcrumb_(navigation)). When first visiting the website, the user only sees a caption saying "Salon" which should tell him that he is currently in the most top level of the website. The second element in the navigation is the search bar. Then when the user goes to the overview of a user, the caption "Salon" is replaced by the name of the user that this page belongs to. Removing the "Salon"-caption should emphasize that Salon is about the users and about the work they want to present and that it is not about the platform itself. Normally the first element in a breadcrumb navigation brings the user back to the index page but this is not a scenario that applies to Salon because the index page, intentionally, doesn't offer more features than any other page in Salon but the list of recently created and edited pages. Searching for images is possible from any page through the search field that also resides in the navigation (more on search in [x.y]). If a user wants to go back to the index page he can do this via the menu in the top right corner (more on the Menu in [x.y]) at any time.
Another element, the name of the current page, is added to the navigation when the user navigates to a page of a user, and another one, the position of the current image in this set of images, is added when the user navigates to a specific image of a page. The breadcrumb navigation helps the user to keep track of certain information like the owner of the current page and the page an image belongs to. In that way these relations don't need to be displayed on every image or every page which, leads to a cleaner and lighter interface. Also the navigation helps a user to quickly jump back to a user's overview without having to manually navigate there with the back button.