### Visual Design
Disclaimer: The visual design has been developed together with Dipl.-Des. Stefan Landrock, Mathias Baer and Dipl.-Inf. Sebastian Deutsch and mainly adopts the style of the Salon prototype.
The main requirement for the visual design was to use as less screen space as possible to not distract the user from the custom design of the pages. Therefore only the navigation, including the search field, and the menu caption are permanently visible.
For the same reason the design itself is very minimalistic and does not use images but is designed with CSS only. To highlight which elements of the page belong to Salon (because users could loose track of that on pages with many images), all elements have been decorated with a drop shadow and are always on top of all other elements of a page. In this way they also remain accessible at any time.
To make it clear to users which elements on the page can only be seen by users that have the right to edit parts of the page, these elements are highlighted in a red-orange color. This also makes it clear to the owner with which of the visual elements he is able to make changes to his pages. The highlight-color is applied to elements like the "edit"-buttons or the "image-size"-widget.
Page owners would normally always see these elements and they would never be able to see their pages as they appear to normal users. For that reason the "Hide admin"-button has been introduced. When clicked it will hide all admin elements so that page owners can get an impression of what their page looks like to normal users.